Beagle iOS is a library that integrates the Beagle system into an existing Apple iOS native application.

The key parts for understanding this architecture and its application are the components listed below:

* **Beagle Config:** Single instance class that stores all Beagle configurations, customizations and implementations (`Dependencies` property). It's initialization is essential to have an functional project and it takes place in the Application `AppDelegate`.
* **Beagle View Controller and Beagle View:** These are the gateways to Beagle's server-driven screens. The **Beagle View Controller** can be added to the navigation stack directly from the `AppDelegate` class and acts as a standalone screen. **Beagle View** is a UIKit UIView, it allows adding a Beagle screen as a subview of an existing screen, thus, it becomes dependent on a previously defined view controller or UIView. The content of a **Beagle View Controller** is a composite of **Server Driven Components** translated to a UIKit.
* **Server Driven Component:** Representation of any Beagle interface element. It can represent both visual elements such as buttons, text and lists as well as navigation actions, click behaviors and operations.
* **Network Client:** By default the Beagle iOS does not provide a standard strategy for performing remote requests, giving developers the freedom to implement the most compatible approach to the project context, such as: targeting of entpoints, security rules and error handling. **Network Client** is responsible for communicating with the features implemented in the **Beagle Backend**.
* **Supporting Features:** Beagle iOS provides some level of customization for some components. Looking at the diagram below, you can notice some components with the description "abstract | optional", such components are means of propagating events to contracted analytics tools or custom screen local storage rules.